#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Featured,faq

*!PictureFlow does not run on my device! Please help!*

You provide too little information. Please check [http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html How To Ask Questions The Smart Way].

*I have problems building !PictureFlow. Can you help me?*

Please post your question to the [http://groups.google.com/group/pictureflow mailing-list].

*Can I use !PictureFlow with Python?*

The current stable version (0.1) does not offer Python support yet, expect this in the next version (0.2). Alternatively, you can use [http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyQt PyQt] and [http://www.riverbankcomputing.com/software/sip/intro SIP] and generate the bindings by yourself. Please refer to !PyQt and SIP documentations for details.

*Why can't !PictureFlow find my pictures?*

Pass the path/directory to the executable. Otherwise, !PictureFlow will try to search the files in the current directory.

*Where to place the pictures so that !PictureFlow can find it? Is it /Program Files/pictureflow or /My Documents/pictureflow?*

See the previous question. It does really depend on your platform/system and how you compile !PictureFlow. You have to figure it out by yourself.

*How can I install !PictureFlow on Windows? You don't provide any installer!*

You have to build it by yourself. Note that the intended audience of !PictureFlow is _developers_, not _end-users_. It is just a normal Qt widget that needs to be used in a real application.

*Does !PictureFlow run on Windows Mobile 5/6?*

Yes. See [http://labs.trolltech.com/blogs/2007/11/02/pictureflow-on-windows-mobile/ the proof video]. Note that you need to compile and test the program by yourself to try it out.